# 1.22
## Client (and cache policies)
- `Client` does not accept the following options anymore: `cache`, `cacheRequestExpiration`. You should now set instead a `cachePolicy` which can contain an `ICache` and, if the policy handle it, a request expiration.
- `AbstractAccessor`: Due to a typo, `handleLastReponse` is now deprecated and will be removed in `v1.23`. You should use `handleLastResponse` (with an "s" to "response") instead.
- `MiniBackClient` is automatically and hereby deprecated.

# 1.21
## Cache
- Cache system is now full asynchronous. When implementing a new cache system, `ICache` now expose "promised" functions. If your cache is sync compatible, you can implement `ICacheSync` with all the `*Sync` methods.

## Browser Compatibility
- If you plan to support older browsers, some SDK dependencies (`strip-ainsi`, `query-string`, `idb-keyval`, `strict-uri-encode`) may not be compatible due to their compilation format. To handle this you should maybe use a `babel-loader` with `@babel/preset-env` for example:
```ts
{
    test: /\.m?js$/, // "idb-keyval" use .mjs
    include: /node_modules\/(strip-ainsi|query-string|idb-keyval|strict-uri-encode)/,
    use: [
        {
            loader: 'babel-loader',
            options: {
                presets: [
                    [
                        '@babel/preset-env',
                        {
                            targets: {
                                browsers: ['last 2 versions', 'not dead'],
                            },
                        },
                    ],
                ],
            },
        },
    ],
},
```

## CustomerAccessor
- `create` no longer save a customer token. Use `register` instead.

# 1.0.2
- Types are now auto generated

# 0.0.4
## Cache
- `cacheAdapters` have been removed. We now use simple cache based on `ICache` for usage simplicity.

# 0.0.1 to 0.0.2
## Client
- `register` method no longer returns the client itself. The client uid (`symbol`) is now returned.
- `patch`, `head`, and `options` syntactic sugar methods are removed. Use `request` instead.

## Cache
- Cache adapters must now to implement `flush(): boolean` method.

## Tests
- Tests are now using the `TestMaker` builder tool instead of the builtin functions. Those functions still can be used but will no longer be exposed in the next versions.
- Custom accessor methods must now be tested before autogenerated tests.
